doc: updated eddsa (#8)
ConsenSys/doc.gnark: docs/Tutorials/eddsa.md

    If $S < r$, there is no problem. However, if $S>r$, $S$ is reduced to $S'=S[r]$ and
    $S'[q]\neq S[q]$, it leads to a bug.

> <<<<<<< HEAD
>     **Solution**: The solution is to split $S$ in a small base, like $2^{128}$ if $r$ is $256$-bits
>     for example, and write $S=2^{128}*S_1+S_2$. This way, $S_1$ and $S_2$ are not reduced to modulo
>     $r$ and the bug is fixed.
> =======
>         The $S$ of the signature is a number reduced modulo $l$, the order of the base point of the twisted Edwards
>         curve. In a SNARK circuit, $S$ is also reduced modulo $r$ because the variables in the SNARK circuit live in $\mathbb{F}_r$.
>         We need to ensure that there is no inconsistency between reduction modulo $l$ and reduction modulo $r$. If $l<r$, there
>         will be no problem since $S[l]$ will be less than $r$. A twisted Edwards on $\mathbb{F}_r$ has at most $N=r+2*sqrt(r)+3$
>         because there are $2$ points of multiplicity $2$. The group that is used for eddsa contains at most $N/2$ points because there
>         is a point of order $2$ on the twisted Edwards. Therefore $l<r$.
> >>>>>>> d1cebd9... fix: typo eddsa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Solution**: The solution is to split $S$ in a small base (for example, $2^{128}$ if $r$ is $256$-bits) and write $S=2^{128}*S_1+S_2$.
    This way, $S_1$ and $S_2$ are not reduced to modulo $r$ and the bug is fixed.

    The $S$ of the signature is a number reduced modulo $l$, the order of the base point of the twisted Edwards curve.
    In a SNARK circuit, $S$ is also reduced modulo $r$ because the variables in the SNARK circuit live in $\mathbb{F}_r$.
    We need to ensure that there is no inconsistency between reduction modulo $l$ and reduction modulo $r$.
    If $l<r$, there's no problem since $S[l]$ is less than $r$.
    A twisted Edwards on $\mathbb{F}_r$ has at most $N=r+2*sqrt(r)+3$ because there are $2$ points of multiplicity $2$.
    The group used for EdDSA contains at most $N/2$ points because there is a point of order $2$ on the twisted Edwards.
    Therefore $l<r$.
```
